Hi everybody! Malik the magic guy for expertvillage.com.
Now another cool self-working trick and this
one I like because you could borrow a deck
and do this from a shuffled deck of cards.
What I am going to do is remove some of the
cork cards from the deck; actually, all the
cork cards from the deck. Let me take these
out for you real quick so you can see them
coming out. There is all the Jacks, Queens,
Kings are going to come out of the deck and
there is 2 more right there. Now I am going
to separate them so that no 2 cards are the
same color and value are together so I am
actually going to do this to myself. This
is kind of a secret of the trick here.
I am going to show you in a second that these
have no 2 pair of cards next to each other.
So there is 12 cork cards in the deck, that
makes 6 pairs of cards so there is that pair
because he is different, there is 2, 3, 4,
5 and 6. Now if we put the cards on the top
of the deck, give it a little snap and little
shake, all the cork cards are going to pair
up. Now the 2 red Jacks are together, the
2 red Kings, the 2 Black Jacks, the 2 Red
Queens, and the 2 Black Kings. All the cork
cards have paired themselves up and that is
an easy, almost self working trick. I am going
to show you how to do that one in just a moment.